[Enhancement] Add MerkleRoot type alias for []byte with Sum method (#37)
pokt-network/smt: docs/merkle-sum-trie.md

The `Sum()` function adds functionality to easily retrieve the trie's current
sum as a `uint64`.

## Roots

> Roots are `[]byte` types aliases by the `MerkleRoot` type. This type has one
> method `Sum(sumTrie bool) uint64`. For the SMST this method is used by its own
> `Sum()` method to return the total sum of the trie.
> 
> The `MerkleRoot` type being an alias means it can be used in place of the
> `[]byte` type. Specifically for proofs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The root of the tree is a slice of bytes. `MerkleRoot` is an alias for `[]byte`.

This design enables easily passing around the data (e.g. on-chain)
while maintaining primitive usage in different use cases (e.g. proofs).

`MerkleRoot` provides helpers, such as retrieving the ``Sum(sumTrie bool) uint64`
to interface with data it captures.
```

Wdyt of rewording it like this?
